- if your robot reaches the flag and the game is over for you, you 
  lose your "interactivity", meaning: hotkeys won't work anymore
  => a) usability sucks
     b) there is no way to chat anymore if you want to mock the losers ;-)

- BUG: repeatable OutOfMemoryError if I try to zoom into a 3x3 board 
  (for zoom levels > 110%)
  ? Should be possible to use the zooming support of Swing (again);
    maybe this could help ? 
  ? adding this to the SF-Bugtracker ?   

-  include the manual in the "help" menu and maybe some tipps&tricks
  and FAQs (right click for scrolling etc);

- using a view to watch a game without participating doesn't work if
  the server runs on windows; for some unknown reason the newly started 
  ServerAusgabeThread will receive a MOK (message-ack) while being in 
  "No questions allowed" mode

- explicit notifying of views if someone has lost all lives so we can remove
  his register view from the PhaseEval panel (atm only done if the server
  really removes the player)


DONE - explain strength of laser <=> colors somewhere or display them better;
  maybe it's possible to do "parallel animations" so we can use the
  display that is used on the Roborally boards: one ray painted for
  each additional point of strength


DONE - JDK1.5: Combobox, Dialogs, some borders of Components,..  
          still don't work with custom color theme 

DONE - BUG Cancel Button in the panel where one can start autobots and local players
       does kill the JVM (-> special case in Registry needed for that) 
       (NOT A BUG, WORKED AS DESIGNED; did a JVM restart instad of going back to ensure 
        that all resources (memory) were freed before starting a new game)  

DONE- bug: sometimes the server deadlocks if a player(or only the view?) quits
       during phase evaluation; maybe the server waits for some ACK?

DONE - beautify of register tooltips

DONE - BUG: to quote myself:
  "Btw. there is another bug that isn't mentioned anywhere:
   try to not damage a powered-down human player that he
   gets registers locked or there will very likely be a
   NullPointerException.."

DONE - BUG: If there are more than two bots on a belt (and there is a wall on the
  end of the belt) the belt can "merge" non-virtual bots so that there
  are two non-virtuals on the same position

DONE - BUG: something is wrong with the advanced tooltips that are used to show
  the last programming (so one can see the content of locked registers):
  * always: the very first try to see the tooltips fails, the tooltip
    is only a few pixels high (probably empty) 
  * seen one time: tooltip for two of the three (local human) players were 
    empty and higher than the screen size in (only) one of the three local
    clients
         

DONE - BUGBUGBUG: if all registers are locked, the sent button is disabled

DONE  - !!!!!!BUG: while playing in background:
  there is something wrong with resetting the timer for emergency
  card submit if it gets to close (I sent the cards mysek just in time
  and the new cards in the next(!) round were immediately submitted by
  the emergency submit..)

DONE - pusher pushing robots not animated (anymore): missing message?
DONE - show big "goal reached" message long enough to be seen 
DONE - Wisenheimer submits emergency cards
DONE - hide/show robot feature 

DONE - autosubmit of client answer for all questions, not only for register
       programming: 
       direction after destruction, stay power down, repair register


DONE -  nicer winner list, maybe robot images (different sizes?) and colored names 

DONE - reimplement access to some more info about the other players
  (locked registers in Tooltip of damage bar)

DONE - keep last choices of player as default for different things:
  last used board layout (maybe auto-save the last ".spf"
   on game startup as "lastUsed_autosavespf" and loading it as default;
   or is that what default.spf is for?->rename to autosave or something)
   [solution: no autosave, simply remember the last chosen spf and rob color]
DONE - reduce initial height of card panel as it looks bad/is too big for
       1024x768 with the kde panel stealing some of the 768 pixels at the bottom
       **** should be fixed by increasing the width of the card panel
            and the scrollbar for 800x600 support ****

DONE - bigger(?): use UserInfo to display what happens; 
   display the current robot and the card that will be executed;
   maybe little robots with five registers that get uncovererd besides them
   and highliting the card to be evaluated 

DONE - if not needed, remove unnecessary scrollbar(s) from game(field?) panel 

DONE - hard game restart: try to restart the program in a new JVM if the server
   hangs (or maybe everytime, to free memory?)

DONE (- increase the initial heapsize in the scripts?
         -> test memory usage with enabled animations, 3x3 boards and 8 players 
         (AutoBots!))

NOPE [- (?? advanced option to switch animation methods ??)
       ****with fixed messaging CPU-heavy method is usable **** ]
  
